Update linux-nginx.md (#30124)
dotnet/AspNetCore.Docs: aspnetcore/host-and-deploy/linux-nginx.md

# [Ubuntu](#tab/linux-ubuntu)

> To configure Nginx as a reverse proxy to forward HTTP requests to the ASP.NET Core app, modify `/etc/nginx/sites-available/default` and  recreate the symlink. The following command creates the symlink:

Author: ```suggestion
To configure Nginx as a reverse proxy to forward HTTP requests to the ASP.NET Core app, modify `/etc/nginx/sites-available/default` and  recreate the symlink. After creating the `/etc/nginx/sites-available/default` file,  following command creates the symlink:
```

> To configure Nginx as a reverse proxy to forward HTTP requests to the ASP.NET Core app, modify `/etc/nginx/sites-available/default` and  recreate the symlink. After creating the `/etc/nginx/sites-available/default` file,  following command creates the symlink:

Author: ```suggestion
To configure Nginx as a reverse proxy to forward HTTP requests to the ASP.NET Core app, modify `/etc/nginx/sites-available/default` and  recreate the symlink. After creating the `/etc/nginx/sites-available/default` file,  use the following command to create the symlink:
```
